Abc to booklet errors (#56)
brewingcode/shanties: booklet/joli-rouge.md

…is made from apples up the mighty Saguenay.

{chorus}
[Dm]So follow me lads… [Am]cause this [Dm]ain't no grog or [Am]ale

> [Dm]One pint down [C]you'll be swing[Dm]ing in the [C]gale

Author: ```suggestion
[Dm]One pint [C]down you'll be [Dm]swinging in the [C]gale
```

> [Dm]Five pints bul[C]ly you'll be shak[F]ing in your [C]shoes

Author: ```suggestion
[Dm]Five pints [C]bully you'll be [F]shaking in your [C]shoes
```

> [Dm]…We're half-seas ov[F]er on the Jo[C]li Rouge.

Author: ```suggestion
…We're [Dm]half-seas [F]over on the [C]Joli [Dm]Rouge.
```
